Add development docs for the extension (#1459)
ansible/vscode-ansible: docs/development/webview_guide.md

    - Define a class with methods to render, dispose, and manage the Webview
      lifecycle.

    - Create a method to return the HTML content for the Webview.

    - Link to the Webview file and access VSCode elements like commands and
      settings.

    - Access the vscode and workspace elements such as commands and settings and
      manipulate them.

2.  **Webview file: (`<webview-name>PageApp.ts`):** This file manages the
    Webview content. In this file you should:

    - Interact with DOM elements within the HTML.

    - Add event listeners and manipulate HTML elements, excluding vscode and
      workspace elements.

!!! tip

    You can set up communication between the extension and the webview. This is covered in the further section.

### Step 4: Configure webpack

Set up the Webpack configuration to bundle your extension and Webview assets in
the `webpack.config.ts` file.

### Step 5: Build and debug

Build the extension using the command `yarn run webpack-dev` and run the
extension in debug mode using the configuration `Launch extension`. Make changes
in the code and reload the extension host window to see the live implementation.

## Debugging the Webviews

> VS Code is built using built with Electron and includes Chrome's built-in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VS Code is built with Electron and includes Chrome's built-in
```

> browser and DevTools. This setup allows debugging both VS Code and Webviews. You
> can follow these steps to debug a Webview in VS Code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
browser and DevTools. This setup allows debugging both VS Code and Webviews.
Follow the steps below to debug a Webview in VS Code:
```

1. Compile and start by running your VS Code extension in debug mode (refer Step
   5 of Implementation steps).

2. Navigate to and open the Webview you wish to debug within the editor.

3. Press `Ctrl + Shift + P` (Windows/Linux) or `Cmd + Shift + P` (Mac) to bring
   up the Command Palette.

4. Search for the command `Open Webview Developer Tools` and select it.

> Once these steps are completed, an instance of DevTools will open in a separate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After these steps are completed, an instance of DevTools will open in a separate
```

> window. You can use this instance to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
window. You can use this instance to do the following:
```

  switch (message.command) {
    case "refactor":
      count = Math.ceil(count * 0.5);
      counter.textContent = count;
      break;
  }
});
```

### Passing a message from the webview context to the extension context

Webviews can pass messages back to their extension. This is accomplished using
`postMessage()` on a special VS Code API object inside the webview. To access
the VS Code API object, call `acquireVsCodeApi()` inside the webview. This
function can only be invoked once per session. You must hang onto the instance
of the VS Code API returned by this method, and hand it out to any other
functions that need to use it.

webview context code:

```typescript
// Access the vscode API object and post message
const vscode = acquireVsCodeApi();
vscode.postMessage({
  command: "alert",
  text: "Hello, world!",
});
```

extension context code:

```typescript
// Handle messages from the webview
panel.webview.onDidReceiveMessage(
  (message) => {
    switch (message.command) {
      case "alert":
        vscode.window.showErrorMessage(message.text);
        return;
    }
  },
  undefined,
  context.subscriptions,
);
```

## Resources

> 1.  **Local resources:** The extension has already implemented a few webviews
>     and you can take a look at the at the following places:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  **Local resources:** The extension has already implemented some webviews.
    You can see them in the following locations:
```

    - extension context file:
      [createAnsibleProjectPage.ts](https://github.com/ansible/vscode-ansible/blob/main/src/features/contentCreator/createAnsibleProjectPage.ts)

    - webview context file:
      [createAnsibleProjectPageApp.ts](https://github.com/ansible/vscode-ansible/blob/main/src/webview/apps/contentCreator/createAnsibleProjectPageApp.ts)

    - webpack config file:
      [webpack.config.ts](https://github.com/ansible/vscode-ansible/blob/main/webpack.config.ts)

> 2.  **External resources:** The best explanation of the implementing a webview

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2.  **External resources:** The best explanation of implementing a webview
```
